feat: make other agents support asking user input in MessageAction. (#1777)
OpenDevin/OpenDevin: agenthub/micro/_instructions/actions/message.md

> * `message` - make a plan, set a goal, record your thoughts, or ask for more input(If there's any uncertainty, or need input from the user, set the `wait_for_response` arg to true). Arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `message` - make a plan, set a goal, record your thoughts, or ask for more input from the user. Arguments:
```

  * `content` - the thought to record

>   * `wait_for_response` - whether to wait for input 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `wait_for_response` - set to `true` to wait for the user to respond before proceeding
```
